feat(limiter): lift the log level of rate limiter to `warning` (#13009)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/feat-13009.en.md

> Lifted the log level of rate limiter to `warning`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed the log level of message receive pause from `debug` to `warning`. The log message `socket_receive_paused_by_rate_limit` is throttled to avoid excessive logging.
```
